README.md, before:

## ---------------Galvanize MCSP-20---------------

# Front End Capstone Project: Hipcamp.com Clone (Hopcamp)

## Tech Stack

  [![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
  [![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=black)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
  [![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)
  [![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=black)](https://react.dev/)
  [![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-7952B3?style=flat&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)](https://getbootstrap.com/)
  [![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vite-646CFF?style=flat&logo=vite&logoColor=F6DC40)](https://vitejs.dev/)
  
  [![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat&logo=Node.js&logoColor=black)](https://nodejs.org/)
  [![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express.js-000000?style=flat&logo=express&logoColor=white)](https://expressjs.com/)
  [![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Supabase-3FCF8E?style=flat&logo=supabase&logoColor=black)](https://supabase.com/)

  [![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=black)](https://git-scm.com/)
  [![Npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Npm-CB3837?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white)](https://npmjs.com/)
  [![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.postgresql.org/)
  [![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white)](https://www.docker.com/)

  [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/)
  [![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Slack-4A154B?style=flat&logo=slack&logoColor=white)](https://slack.com/)
  [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Discord-5865F2?style=flat&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/)

## Objectives & Minimum Requirements

- Build a Full-Stack UI Clone of a webpage's "item detail page"
- Page must contain multiple distinct modules of functionality
- Selected webpage should have sufficient complexity
- Implement React Components
- Perform API requests

## Installation & Setup

- `cd` into each server and client folder and run `npm install`
- spin up client/server separately
	- `npm dev` in the client folder
	- `npm start` in the server folder

- we used [Supabase](https://supabase.com/dashboard/sign-in) for db, all migration and seed files are in the `server/db` folder

## Developers

- Chris Stewart - [@CStewCodes](https://github.com/CStewCodes)
- Genglin Yu - [@DessertWarrior](https://github.com/DessertWarrior)
- Dennis Kennedy - [@Kennedyz71](https://github.com/Kennedyz71)
- Daniel Purdy - [DanielPurdy509](https://github.com/DanielPurdy509)
- Will Franceschini - [@tech-n-code](https://github.com/tech-n-code)

Commit message:

Update README.md to include gifs of webpage UI and mention two week deadline for project completion

README.md, after:

## ---------------Galvanize MCSP-20---------------

# Front End Capstone Project: Hipcamp.com Clone (Hopcamp)

-Front End focused project developed over the course of two weeks to replicate the UI design of an exisiting webpage

![FEC Demo 1](https://github.com/MCSP-20-FEC-Git-R-DOM/HopCamp/assets/125397922/6a527062-e95f-4e46-b8fe-858da8163e62)
![FEC Demo 2](https://github.com/MCSP-20-FEC-Git-R-DOM/HopCamp/assets/125397922/68a786e4-664e-4559-80cd-69ef7d964ce7)


## Tech Stack

  [![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)
  [![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=black)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML)
  [![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS)
  [![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=black)](https://react.dev/)
  [![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-7952B3?style=flat&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)](https://getbootstrap.com/)
  [![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vite-646CFF?style=flat&logo=vite&logoColor=F6DC40)](https://vitejs.dev/)
  
  [![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat&logo=Node.js&logoColor=black)](https://nodejs.org/)
  [![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express.js-000000?style=flat&logo=express&logoColor=white)](https://expressjs.com/)
  [![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Supabase-3FCF8E?style=flat&logo=supabase&logoColor=black)](https://supabase.com/)

  [![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=black)](https://git-scm.com/)
  [![Npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Npm-CB3837?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white)](https://npmjs.com/)
  [![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)](https://www.postgresql.org/)
  [![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2CA5E0?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white)](https://www.docker.com/)

  [![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/)
  [![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Slack-4A154B?style=flat&logo=slack&logoColor=white)](https://slack.com/)
  [![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Discord-5865F2?style=flat&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.com/)

## Objectives & Minimum Requirements

- Build a Full-Stack UI Clone of a webpage's "item detail page"
- Page must contain multiple distinct modules of functionality
- Selected webpage should have sufficient complexity
- Implement React Components
- Perform API requests

## Installation & Setup

- `cd` into each server and client folder and run `npm install`
- spin up client/server separately
	- `npm dev` in the client folder
	- `npm start` in the server folder

- we used [Supabase](https://supabase.com/dashboard/sign-in) for db, all migration and seed files are in the `server/db` folder

## Developers

- Chris Stewart - [@CStewCodes](https://github.com/CStewCodes)
- Genglin Yu - [@DessertWarrior](https://github.com/DessertWarrior)
- Dennis Kennedy - [@Kennedyz71](https://github.com/Kennedyz71)
- Daniel Purdy - [DanielPurdy509](https://github.com/DanielPurdy509)
- Will Franceschini - [@tech-n-code](https://github.com/tech-n-code)
